docs: add user facing documentation for real-time logs (#1963)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/logs/README.md

> # Real-time Atlantis logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Real-time logs
```

## Getting Started
Atlantis supports streaming terraform logs in real time by default. Currently, only two commands are supported

> ### atlantis plan 
> When a user runs atlantis plan in their PR, Atlantis will add a atlantis/plan status check for all the projects as shown below: 
> ![Plan Command](./images/plan.png)
> 
> The user can then navigate to the log-streaming UI by navigating to the link in the github check for their project. This will open up a new tab which shows the terraform logs of their operation in real time. 
> ![Plan Output](./images/plan_output.png)
> 
> ### atlantis apply
> When a user runs atlantis apply in their PR, Atlantis will add a atlantis/apply status check for all the projects as shown below: 
> ![Apply Command](./images/apply.png)
> 
> The user can then navigate to the log-streaming UI by navigating to the link in the github check for their project. This will open up a new tab which shows the terraform logs of their operation in real time. 
> ![Apply Output](./images/apply_output.png)

Reviewer: There was some unnecessary duplication so here is my suggestion.

```suggestion
* terraform init
* terraform plan
* terraform apply

::: warning as of now, custom workflow outputs and other terraform commands are not supported

In order to view real-time terraform logs, a user can navigate through the *details* section of a given project's plan or apply status check.

![Plan Command](./images/plan.png)

This will link to the atlantis UI which provides real-time logging in addition to native terraform syntax highlighting.

![Plan Output](./images/plan_output.png)

::: warning As of now the logs are currently stored in memory and cleared when a given pull request is closed, so this link shouldn't be persisted anywhere.
```

## Future Work 

> In the future, users will also be able to persist the logs into a storage backend of their choice. 

Reviewer: I don't think we need to add this right now.

Author: Removed!
